An Tong
Look how handsome that person is!
Tongtong
I need you to help me with a little thing
What's the matter?
Do you remember the last time we were on the basketball court?
The boy I saw
I found out his name is Xu Zeyu
I kind of like him.
Hey
I heard he is on the basketball team.
Can you use the name of the dance team?
Host a networking event with the basketball team
So I could get to know him.
I've been so busy lately
Wait until you're done
Really?
I knew you were the best
Hey, today is the weekend, why are you up so early?
I have something urgent
Remember to leave the door for me at night?
Bye, then remember to come back early.
Hi, I have something to do today. I'm leaving first.
Yueyue Dance Team has something to do, so I'm leaving first.
What's wrong with him lately?